docs: add concept doc (#282)
Azure/fleet-networking: docs/concepts/DNSBasedGlobalLoadBalancing/README.md

# Multi-cluster DNS-based global load balancing

## Overview

Fleet-networking provides an automated way to expose the multi-cluster application via [Azure Traffic Manager](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/traffic-manager/traffic-manager-overview).

> `TrafficManagerProfile` is a custom resource definition (CRD) that allows you to create a Traffic Manager Profile by using weighted routing method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TrafficManagerProfile` is a custom resource definition (CRD) that allows you to manage a Traffic Manager Profile by using weighted routing method

```

and `TrafficManagerBackend` allows you to manage the traffic manager endpoints using cloud native way.

> To expose the multi-cluster service (exposing by creating `serviceExport`), a user will create a `trafficManagerProfile` and a `trafficManagerBackend` CR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expose a multi-cluster service, a user needs to create a `trafficManagerProfile` and a `trafficManagerBackend` CR, similar to the example below, 

```
